About
​Walk in the shoes of a Data Scientist (the most sought after job of the century) by using innovative approaches, statistical analysis and cutting-edge machine learning & deep learning algorithms to get the best predictions to top the real-time leaderboard.
This year the modelling competition deals with 'Bibliotheca E-Book Subscription Prediction'. The competition has been designed for the participants to explore machine learning algorithms for this recommendation problem and provide a platform to showcase their machine learning skills.
Problem Statement   
Bibliotheca is a platform that gives its users an exclusive chance to subscribe to E-books at discounted price. Users can also get a preview of the books by reading a sample of pages even before they buy subscription for any specific book. Each purchase for the subscription gives users access to the relevant E-book for a fixed period.

We have information about all the books that a User has previewed/purchased subscription for; on the platform in the past and the problem statement asks you to predict the ordered set 10 most probable books from the test set, the user is going to buy in the coming weeks.

To participate in the competition please register your team on the Dlabs Registration Page.


Evaluation                                                                                                                                              
For this competition, you need to predict the right books that User is most likely to buy out of the books lying in test-dataset, and every correct prediction for the user rewards you; your overall task is to Maximize the rewards point to win.
For ith User who has bought 'm' books in the coming weeks whereis fraction of correct books identified in top-k books prediction; with 'n' books (here n=10) recommended for the user: 




Winners will be decided for each of the location based on highest total Model Score achieved by the team. In case of a tie (for top 3 ranks), the following criteria (in the same order) will be used:
(1.) Number of Users with a Predicted E-Book
(2.) Submission provided earlier will get priority
Both the above criteria will be used only in case of tie and in the given order while awarding a better rank.
 
Submission Rules
(1.) Each team can make 5 submissions on the competition website per day. The submission with the best performance on the public data will be visible on the leaderboard.
(2.) There should be 10 unique BookIDs recommended for each of the 15,000 users in the database. Thus meaning that submission file should have 15,001 rows(15,000 users + 1 header)
(3.) Till 7th April 2019 11:59 PM, teams can make submissions like the sample submission file which will be provided in the DATA section.
(4.) By 14th April 2019 11:59 PM, all teams need to submit their final scored submission file and code used to generate those scores along with any data cleaning, model training, parameter selection, hyperparameter tuning as a zipped file named as Location_TEAMNAME_ModelingCompetition.zip. This single file with a brief README with instructions on running the codes needs to be sent at usianalyticssummitcompetitions@deloitte.com.
(5.) The public leaderboard will be visible on the competition website and will keep on updating on a real-time basis with new submissions until 7th April 2019.
(6.) The submission file for the competition should consist of the following columns:
               "USERID"                           :       User-ID
               "PURCHASEDBOOKID"    :      Comma separated list of all the BOOKIDs recommended

Presentation Round:
For each location, 2 winners will be declared;
--one team with best performance on the modeling score leaderboard and,
--one team with most innovative solution

The innovation quotient of a team will be scored based on the following four high-level criteria:
--Innovative use of unstructured data, image data and external data
--Innovative machine learning algorithms/techniques used
--Explore the key drivers of the target variable, feature engineering and insight creation
--Quality of the solution documentation (visualizations encouraged)

The teams securing first position in their respective locations will be invited to Hyderabad on 8th May 2019 to compete at the Grand Summit and stand a chance to win the overall Modeling award at the Deloitte USI Analytics Summit 2019.

Competition Timeline 
Event
Date
Description
Competition Launch
5th March 2019
Data Download links become active
 
Evaluation Start
6th March 2019
Submissions acceptance starts – 
Leaderboard updated after each submission
Final Evaluation: Submission Deadline
7th April 2019 11:59PM
Final date for submissions.
Announcement of teams shortlisted for Presentation
9th April 2019
The leaderboard will be updated to reflect the final scores (on the updated test data) at this point.
Presentation on modeling approach and insights
TBD
Top 5 teams from each location may be invited to present their modeling approach to a PPD panel, followed by a Q&A session
